                 R S I   Software License Agreement
------------------------------------------------------------------

The software which accompanies this license (the "Software 
Product") is the property of Router Solutions Incorporated ("RSI")
or its licensors and is protected by copyright law. While RSI
continues to own the Software Product, you will have certain
rights to use the Software Product after your acceptance of the
license. If you do not agree with this License Agreement, you may
return the Software Product to RSI immediately. Except as may be 
modified by a license addendum, your rights and obligations with
respect to the use of this Product are listed below.

------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright/Proprietary Protection

The Software Product is owned by RSI or its licensors and is
protected by United States and international copyright laws and
international treaty provisions. You must treat the Software
Product like any other copyrighted material, except to the extent
that this License provides to the contrary.  Your right to use the 
Software Product terminates automatically if you violate any part
of this License. In the event of termination, you must immediately
destroy all copies of the Software Product or return them to RSI.

------------------------------------------------------------------
You may:

(a)	Use one copy of the Software Product on a single computer,
	provided that the Software Product is in use on only one
	computer at a time. If you have multiple Licenses for the
	Software Product, then at any time you may use as many
	copies of the Software Product as you have Licenses.  If
	the number of persons who can access and us the Software
	Product exceeds the total number of Licenses you acquire,
	then you must have a reasonable mechanism of process in
	place to ensure that the number of persons using the
	Software Product at the same time does not exceed the 
	number of Licenses.

(b)	Use one copy of the Software Product on a single terminal
	 connected to a single computer (i.e., with a single CPU).
	The end user may copy the Software Product from one single
	terminal to another such single terminal used by the end
	user, provided that the Software Product is in use on only 
	one computer at a time.

(c)	Make one copy of the Software Product for archival
	purposes, or copy the Software Product onto the hard disk
	of your computer and retain the original for archival
	purposes.

(d)	After written notification to RSI, transfer the entire
	Software Product on a permanent basis to another person 
	or entity, provided you retain no copies of the Software
	Product and the transferee agrees to the terms of this
	License.

------------------------------------------------------------------
You may not:



(a)	Copy the Documentation.  

(b)	Translate the Software Product.

(c)	Merge the Software Product with another program or modify 
	the Software Product, except as may be specifically 
	described in the Documentation. Any modification to the 
	Software Product and use of the Software Product with 
	other software are subject to this License.

(d) 	Reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile, or make any
	attempt to discover the source code of the Software
	Product.

(e)	Sublicense, rent, or lease any portion of the Software
	Product.

(f)	Use a previous version of the Software Product in addition
	to an upgraded version received as a replacement of the
	prior version.  Upon upgrading the Software Product, all 
	copies of the prior version must be destroyed except for
	copies retained for archival purposes.

------------------------------------------------------------------
Demo Copy

If you have received the Software Product for the specific purpose
of demonstration or evaluation, you agree to return the Software
Product to RSI at the end of the agreed upon evaluation period.
You may not retain or use any copies of the Software Product
beyond the evaluation period.

------------------------------------------------------------------
Limited Warranty

RSI warrants that the media on which the Software Product is
distributed will be free from defects for a period of sixty (60)
days from the date of delivery of the Software Product to you.
Your sole remedy in the event of a breach of the warranty will be
that RSI will, at its option, replace any defective media returned 
to RSI within the warranty period. RSI does not warrant that the
Software Product will meet your requirements or that operation of
the Software Product will be uninterrupted or that the Software
Product be error-free.


THE ABOVE WARRANTY IS EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER 
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL 
RIGHTS. YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.

------------------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimer of Damages

REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN FAILS OF ITS
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, IN NO EVENT WILL RSI BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY 
TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT EVEN IF RSI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION
OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

IN NO CASE SHALL RSI'S LIABILITY EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT. The disclaimers and limitations set forth above
will apply regardless of whether you accept the Software Product.

------------------------------------------------------------------
U.S. Government Restricted Rights

This Software Product is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use,
duplication or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to
restrictions set forth in subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of the Rights
in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS, 
252.227-7013, or subparagraphs (c) (1) and (2) of the Commercial
Computer Software-Restricted Rights clause at 48 CFR 52.227-19,
as applicable. The Contractor/Manufacturer is Router Solutions
Incorporated, 180 Newport Center Drive #240, Newport Beach, 
CA 92660.

------------------------------------------------------------------
General

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of
California. This Agreement may only be modified by a license 
addendum or by a written document which has been signed by both 
you and RSI. Should you have any questions concerning this
Agreement, or if you desire to contact RSI, please write 

	Router Solutions Incorporated
	180 Newport Center Drive #240
	Newport Beach, CA 92660